Update media to reflect Kanso Home tiles (#5120)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui.md

This guide will help you get started with the new and improved Sumo Logic user interface, designed for faster speed and a more intuitive experience.

> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/get-started/overview-new-ui.png')} alt="Overview screenshot example Classic UI" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="700" />

Author: ```suggestion
<img src={useBaseUrl('img/get-started/overview-new-ui.png')} alt="Overview screenshot example Classic UI" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />
```

#### Content Administrator Library

> :::note
> Administrators only.
> :::
> 
> To browse the content administrator library:
> 
> 1. From the left nav, click **Library** > click **Open Library page**.
> 1. Click the **View as** dropdown, then select **Content Administrator**.
> 
> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/get-started/library-content-admin.gif')} alt="library-content-admin.gif" width="800"/>

Author: ```suggestion
The **Content Administrator** library is available to Administrator roles only. To browse this content, go to **Library** > click **Open Library page** > click the **View as** dropdown > click **Content Administrator**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/get-started/library-content-admin.gif')} alt="library-content-admin.gif" width="800"/>
```
